# Test exam 1

3. A global company has a mobile app with static data stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. The company serves the content through an Amazon
CloudFront distribution. The company is launching the mobile app in South Africa. The data must reside in the af-south-1 Region. The company does not want to deploy a specific mobile client for South Africa.
What should the company do to meet these requirements?

B. Create a Lambda@Edge function. Associate the Lambda@Edge function as an origin request trigger with the CloudFront distribution to change the S3 origin Region.

4. A developer is testing an AWS Lambda function by using the AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) local CLI. The application that is implemented by the
Lambda function makes several AWS API calls by using the AWS software development kit (SDK). The developer wants to allow the function to make AWS API calls in a test AWS account from the developer's laptop.
What should the developer do to meet these requirements?

B. Add a test profile by using the aws configure command with the --profile option. Run AWS SAM by using the sam local invoke command with the -profile option. Most Voted

5. A developer designed an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application makes API requests to objects in an Amazon S3 bucket.
Which combination of steps will ensure that the application makes the API requests in the MOST secure manner? (Choose two.)
B. Create an IAM role that has permissions to the S3 bucket.
C. Add the IAM role to an instance profile. Attach the instance profile to the EC2 instance

6. A developer is configuring an Amazon CloudFront distribution for a new application to provide encryption in transit. The application is running in the eu-west-1
Region. The developer creates a new certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in eu-west-1, but the certificate is not visible in the CloudFront distribution settings.
What should the developer do to fix this problem?

7. A developer is building an application that runs behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is configured as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Users will log in to the application by using their social media accounts.
How can the developer authenticate users?

Configure the ALB to use Amazon Cognito as one of the authentication providers.

8. A company has an application that analyzes photographs. A developer is preparing the application for deployment to Amazon EC2 instances. The application's image analysis functions require a mix of GPU instances and CPU instances that run on Amazon Linux. The developer needs to add code to the application so that the functions can determine whether they are running on a GPU instance.
What should the functions do to obtain this information?

D. Retrieve the instance type from the instance metadata

9. A company has an application that uses Amazon Cognito user pools as an identity provider. The company must secure access to user records. The company has set up multi-factor authentication (MFA). The company also wants to send a login activity notification by email every time a user logs in.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets this requirement?
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to send the email notification. Add an Amazon Cognito post authentication Lambda trigger for the function

10. A developer creates a customer managed key for multiple AWS users to encrypt data in Amazon S3. The developer configures Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) to publish a message if key deletion is scheduled. The developer needs to preserve any SNS messages that cannot be delivered so that those messages can be reprocessed.
Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to meet this requirement?
C. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

11. A developer needs to deploy an application to AWS Elastic Beanstalk for a company. The application consists of a single Docker image. The company's automated continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) process builds the Docker image and pushes the image to a public Docker registry.
How should the developer deploy the application to Elastic Beanstalk?
B. Create a docker-compose.yml file. Use the Elastic Beanstalk CLI to deploy the application.

12. A company is using AWS CodeDeploy for all production deployments. A developer has an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) application that uses the CodeDeployDefault.ECSAIIAtOnce configuration. The developer needs to update the production environment in increments of 10% until the entire production environment is updated.
Which CodeDeploy configuration should the developer use to meet these requirements?
B. CodeDeployDefault.ECSLinear10PercentEvery3Minutes 

13. 